interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Acanthoscurria_juruenicola.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Acanthoscurria_rondoniae.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Araneus_diadematus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Argiope_argentata.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Caerostris_darwini.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Damon_diadema.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Desis_marina.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Hasarius_adansoni.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Latrodectus_geometricus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Latrodectus_hesperus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Latrodectus_tredecimguttatus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Marpissa_muscosa.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Nephilengys_cruentata.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_grandiconcava.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_grandiprojecta.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_okinawensis.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_sybotides.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_varians.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Octonoba_yesoensis.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Pamphobeteus_verdolaga.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Parasteatoda_tepidariorum.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Pardosa_amentata.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Rhianodes_atratus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Steatoda_grossa.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Stegodyphus_mimosarum.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tengella_perfuga.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_brevignatha.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_filiciphilia.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_paludicola.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_quasimodo.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_stelarobusta.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tetragnatha_waikamoi.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Tityus_serrulatus.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.1.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.2.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.3.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.4.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.5.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam
interproscan -i /storage/zuleika/volume2/project/yutaka/spiderNetwork/users/giovanna_cavalcanti/WAfastasDermonecrotic/Trichonephila_clavipes.6.fasta -f tsv -appl SMART ,SUPERFAMILY,Pfam